qm-wait: add page (#8844)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/qm-wait.md

# qm wait

> Wait until the virtual machine is stopped.
> More information: <https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/qm.1.html>.

- Wait until the virtual machine is stopped:

`qm wait {{vm_id}}`

> - Wait maximum 10 seconds until the virtual machine is stopped:

Reviewer: Perhaps this better
```suggestion
- Wait until the virtual machine is stopped with a 10 second timeout:
```

`qm wait --timeout {{10}} {{vm_id}}`

> - Send a shutdown request, then wait maximum 10 seconds until the virtual machine is stopped:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send a shutdown request, then wait until the virtual machine is stopped with a 10 second timeout:
```
